README.md, before:

## Ellie Wintram

[SKILLS](#skills) | [EDUCATION](#education) | [EXPERIENCE](#experience) | [INTERESTS](#interests) | [LINKEDIN](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eleanorwintram/)

Fascinated by the dynamic nature of the tech sector, I have transitioned from a career in creative industry operations to web development. Retraining as a developer has honed my systematic problem solving abilities that have grown from my background in design, mathematics and project management. Working in a business at the intersection of the digital and creative sectors fuelled my interest towards understanding the functionality behind engaging interactive design.

## Skills

#### Process development

During my degree my design practice was process-driven, focusing on the testing of techniques and experimentation. This methodology has translated into my career through the implementation of processes across all areas of studio and project management. From streamlining financial systems to devising processes for document control on large-scale client projects, I maintained and improved these tools through analysis and review.


#### Diligence

Supporting the management of multiple contractors while at NewAngle, I constructed and managed a system of tracking the status of 385 digital exhibits through production on the largest new museum project in the world. I provided reports to the client and became the key resource to monitor progress and capture delays that would impact the critical path.


#### Adaptability

I have a proven record of adaptability, pushing the scope of my previous roles to become more involved in projects. At Central Saint Martins, I organised the conference launch of a new research centre for almost two hundred delegates, and subsequent quarterly seminars and workshops with international speakers. Following the departure of a team member, I took over project management of a scholarship fundraising initiative including an auction of prestigious college alumni's artworks.


#### Proactivity

As a result of my roles as a support to teams and projects, I am a perceptive and proactive colleague, spotting patterns and making predictions on improvements to working environments.


## Projects


| Project | Description | Technologies used | Testing framework |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [PosterPop](https://github.com/ker-an/posterpop) | Final group project at Makers Academy bootcamp. This Progressive Web App allows the user to take photos of event posters and redirect them to the event website. | Backend: Google Vision API, Google Firebase. Frontend: JavaScript, Vue2, Bootstrap-Vue | Karma, Mocha, Nightwatch, Lighthouse |
| [Instasham](https://github.com/ewintram/instagram-challenge) | Instagram clone with user registration, profiles, comment and like features built in Rails | Backend: Ruby. Framework: Rails. Database: PostgreSQL. Frontend: JQuery, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS | RSpec, Capybara, Selenium |
| [The Day Today](https://github.com/ewintram/news-summary-challenge) | Single page web app summarising the top politics stories from the Guardian using their API | Frontend: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, APIs (Guardian & Aylien) | Own test framework |
| [Lebowski Lanes](https://github.com/ewintram/bowling-challenge) | Interactive bowling game written in JavaScript | Frontend: JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, CSS | Jasmine |
| [MakersBnB](https://github.com/ewintram/MakersBnB) | AirBnB clone with user registration, listing and booking features built with Sinatra | Backend: Ruby. Framework: Sinatra. Database: PostgreSQL. ORM: DataMapper. Frontend: JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS. | RSpec, Capybara, Selenium |


## Education

#### Makers Academy (November 2017 - February 2018)

Makers Academy is a selective twelve-week web development bootcamp. Their empowering ethos is to learn how to learn. Along with the following technical skills below, learning at Makers Academy has instilled in me best practices and the benefits of pair and group programming.

- OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Agile/XP
- Ruby, Rails, Sinatra, JavaScript, PostgreSQL
- RSpec, Jasmine, Capybara

#### Central Saint Martins, University of the Arts London (September 2008 - June 2011)

- BA (Hons) Graphic Design & Illustration - 2:1

#### Loughborough University (September 2007 - June 2008)

- Foundation Diploma in Art & Design - Distinction

#### Other qualifications and achievements

##### AAT Level 2 Bookkeeping (2015)

##### Introduction to Project Management (2011)

##### A-Levels (2007)
- Mathematics - A
- Photography - A
- Graphic Design - A

##### AS-Levels (2006)
- Physics - A
- Sculpture - A

##### GCSEs (2005)
- 9 A*
- 2 A

##### UKMT Intermediate Mathematics Challenge (2005)
- Gold

## Experience

#### NewAngle Productions (June 2016 - November 2017)
*Studio Manager*

NewAngle creates immersive digital experiences for brands and cultural institutions such as the British Museum, V&A and National Trust.

#### Central Saint Martins, Design Laboratory and Innovation Insights Hub (June 2014 - September 2015)
*Projects Assistant*

Design Laboratory was a commercial agency working with brands such as Bacardi, Universal McCann and Luxottica. Senior designers and art directors mentored graduate designers from University of the Arts London in their first professional experiences.
Innovation Insights Hub is a research centre to connect developments in business, technology and society with expertise inside the university resulting in innovative outcomes.

#### Central Saint Martins, Innovation & Business (January 2013 - June 2014)
*Team Assistant*

The Innovation and Business team creates bespoke collaborations between business partners and the university’s students, graduates, staff and venue. Providing connection to the freshest creative thinking in the world, across every discipline, they deliver projects that achieve and challenge the ambitions of their partners.

## Interests

Aside from coding I am an enthusiastic vegan cook and baker. I combine creativity and application of proven methods when adapting some of my favourite recipes to be vegan.

Commit message:

updates education with Makers languages

README.md, after:

## Ellie Wintram

[SKILLS](#skills) | [EDUCATION](#education) | [EXPERIENCE](#experience) | [INTERESTS](#interests) | [LINKEDIN](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eleanorwintram/)

Fascinated by the dynamic nature of the tech sector, I have transitioned from a career in creative industry operations to web development. Retraining as a developer has honed my systematic problem solving abilities that have grown from my background in design, mathematics and project management. Working in a business at the intersection of the digital and creative sectors fuelled my interest towards understanding the functionality behind engaging interactive design.

## Skills

#### Process development

During my degree my design practice was process-driven, focusing on the testing of techniques and experimentation. This methodology has translated into my career through the implementation of processes across all areas of studio and project management. From streamlining financial systems to devising processes for document control on large-scale client projects, I maintained and improved these tools through analysis and review.


#### Diligence

Supporting the management of multiple contractors while at NewAngle, I constructed and managed a system of tracking the status of 385 digital exhibits through production on the largest new museum project in the world. I provided reports to the client and became the key resource to monitor progress and capture delays that would impact the critical path.


#### Adaptability

I have a proven record of adaptability, pushing the scope of my previous roles to become more involved in projects. At Central Saint Martins, I organised the conference launch of a new research centre for almost two hundred delegates, and subsequent quarterly seminars and workshops with international speakers. Following the departure of a team member, I took over project management of a scholarship fundraising initiative including an auction of prestigious college alumni's artworks.


#### Proactivity

As a result of my roles as a support to teams and projects, I am a perceptive and proactive colleague, spotting patterns and making predictions on improvements to working environments.


## Projects


| Project | Description | Technologies used | Testing framework |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [PosterPop](https://github.com/ker-an/posterpop) | Final group project at Makers Academy bootcamp. This Progressive Web App allows the user to take photos of event posters and redirects them to the event website. | Backend: Google Vision API, Google Firebase. Frontend: JavaScript, Vue2, Bootstrap-Vue | Karma, Mocha, Nightwatch, Lighthouse |
| [Instasham](https://github.com/ewintram/instagram-challenge) | Instagram clone with user registration, profiles, comment and like features built in Rails | Backend: Ruby. Framework: Rails. Database: PostgreSQL. Frontend: JQuery, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS | RSpec, Capybara, Selenium |
| [The Day Today](https://github.com/ewintram/news-summary-challenge) | Single page web app summarising the top politics stories from the Guardian using their API | Frontend: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, APIs (Guardian & Aylien) | Own test framework |
| [Lebowski Lanes](https://github.com/ewintram/bowling-challenge) | Interactive bowling game written in JavaScript | Frontend: JavaScript, JQuery, HTML, CSS | Jasmine |
| [MakersBnB](https://github.com/ewintram/MakersBnB) | AirBnB clone with user registration, listing and booking features built with Sinatra | Backend: Ruby. Framework: Sinatra. Database: PostgreSQL. ORM: DataMapper. Frontend: JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS. | RSpec, Capybara, Selenium |


## Education

#### Makers Academy (November 2017 - February 2018)

Makers Academy is a selective twelve-week web development bootcamp. Their empowering ethos is to learn how to learn. Along with the following technical skills below, learning at Makers Academy has instilled in me best practices and the benefits of pair and mob programming.

- Practices: OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Principles: Agile, XP values
- Languages: Ruby, JavaScript, HTML, CSS
- Frameworks: Rails, Sinatra, Vue2
- Databases: PostgreSQL, Firebase
- Testing frameworks: RSpec, Jasmine, Capybara, Mocha, Karma, Nightwatch, Truffle, Lighthouse

#### Central Saint Martins, University of the Arts London (September 2008 - June 2011)

- BA (Hons) Graphic Design & Illustration - 2:1

#### Loughborough University (September 2007 - June 2008)

- Foundation Diploma in Art & Design - Distinction

#### Other qualifications and achievements

##### AAT Level 2 Bookkeeping (2015)

##### Introduction to Project Management (2011)

##### A-Levels (2007)
- Mathematics - A
- Photography - A
- Graphic Design - A

##### AS-Levels (2006)
- Physics - A
- Sculpture - A

##### GCSEs (2005)
- 9 A*
- 2 A

##### UKMT Intermediate Mathematics Challenge (2005)
- Gold

## Experience

#### NewAngle Productions (June 2016 - November 2017)
*Studio Manager*

NewAngle creates immersive digital experiences for brands and cultural institutions such as the British Museum, V&A and National Trust.

#### Central Saint Martins, Design Laboratory and Innovation Insights Hub (June 2014 - September 2015)
*Projects Assistant*

Design Laboratory was a commercial agency working with brands such as Bacardi, Universal McCann and Luxottica. Senior designers and art directors mentored graduate designers from University of the Arts London in their first professional experiences.
Innovation Insights Hub is a research centre to connect developments in business, technology and society with expertise inside the university resulting in innovative outcomes.

#### Central Saint Martins, Innovation & Business (January 2013 - June 2014)
*Team Assistant*

The Innovation and Business team creates bespoke collaborations between business partners and the university’s students, graduates, staff and venue. Providing connection to the freshest creative thinking in the world, across every discipline, they deliver projects that achieve and challenge the ambitions of their partners.

## Interests

Aside from coding I am an enthusiastic vegan cook and baker. I combine creativity and application of proven methods when adapting some of my favourite recipes to be vegan.
